Add download module (#1)
WayScience/mitocheck_data: 0.download_data/README.md

# Download MitoCheck Mitosis Movies

In this module, we download all timelapse confocal microscopy mitosis movies generated by [MitoCheck](https://www.mitocheck.org/). 

> All of the single cell profiles are publicly available and hosted by Open Microscopy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the movies are publicly available and hosted by Open Microscopy.
```

Is this more accurate? I don't know what you mean by single cell profiles.

The  MitoCheck paper referencing the data is available at https://doi.org/10.1038/nature08869.

## Step 1: Install Aspera

Install Aspera high-speed transfer client as described at https://github.com/IBM/aspera-cli#installation.
We used the direct installation method.

### Step 1a: Allow Aspera to run without password

It is necessary to allow Aspera command line interface (ascp) to run without a password to use it more easily with python.
In order to run ascp without a password do the following:
1) Type sudo visudo at the terminal to open the sudo permissions (sudoers) file
2) Find the line with: `%sudo   ALL=(ALL:ALL) ALL`
3) **Below that line**, insert the following line: `username  ALL=(ALL) NOPASSWD: path_to_aspera`

  Note: `username` is your username and path_to_aspera can be found with `ascli config ascp show`
  
4) Save and exit the editor

## Step 2: Download Labeled Data with Aspera

Use [Aspera training downloader](aspera_training_downloader.ipynb) to download the raw data that has been manually annotated by Mitocheck as described in the [original paper](https://www.nature.com/articles/nature08869#Sec2).
The downloader works in 2 steps:

> 1) This downloader first determines which wells from which plates have labels (from training data sent by Heriche) and saves these plates/wells to `training_locations.tsv`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1) This downloader first determines which wells from which plates have labels (from training data sent by J-K Heriche) and saves these plates/wells to `training_locations.tsv`.
```
